Notes on the BCR Satellite Simulation runs.

There are two configurations.

Sat Sims 10 to 12.
         The simulated charge in these two utilised 3 pairs of "solar panels" X, Y and Z. 
The Z panel pair was linked to the X panel in the software as the Z panel has yet to be 
included in the power generation movement of the graphics model. (Math and software being worked on by Jon and Andrew!!)
         The maximum current generated by each of the 3 panel pairs (+ and -) was
 set to 440mA and all 3 pairs were cycled in synch with the graphics rotation - approx. 3RPM. (This is realistic being established on a good sunny day using the flight solar cell panel made up as a demonstrator.)     
     The cycling power was applied to the BCR for 70 minutes and then shut off for 30 minutes continuously during the test..
   (This represents the worst possible eclipsed situation that we expect for the satellite.) 
 a.      Sat Sim 10 shows the battery voltage curve when a 40 ohm resistive load was connected to the BCR 12volt regulated output over 4 eclipse cycles.
b.       Sat Sim 11 shows the battery voltage curve when a 16.4 ohm resistive load was connected to the 5 Volt regulated ouput over 8 eclipse cycles.
c.        Sat Sim 12  shows the battery voltage curve when both 5 and 12 volt regulated outputs were run together using their respective load resistors. It was intended to run this on until the voltage regulation failed but it was still going strong well below 12 battery volts (at full load) and I went to bed!!!  (I expected it to drop out around 12.5 but no!!!)  Clearly the BCR switching system supports this!   What is likely to be the chop battery voltage?

  Sat Sim 13 to 15.
      
   With all three pairs of panels cycling power into the battery at the same time the charge clearly lacked realism as there will never be a situation where the satellite motion can support this HOWEVER there WILL be additional energy coming from the "third pair" because of Albedo - the power reflected from the Earth.  This amounts to approx. 407 Watts/Mtr - compared to approx 1354 Watts/Mtr  direct onto the other surfaces from the Sun. And also the worst eclipse is nearer 25 than 30 minutes but this level of accuracy is not relevent to the " graphics display" when its used as a charger driver and better to under rate than over rate the power budget..
     For Sat Sims 13 to 15 the Z solar panel charger was disconnected and only the X and Y panel chargers were supplying current which provides a good under-rated output.
   
   Sat Sim 13 was used as a battery top up using X and Y synced chargers only.  There were no loads connected to the BCR.
    Sat Sim 14 was with the curve the 5 volt regulator loaded with 16.4 ohms and Sat Sim 15 with the 12 volt reg loaded with 40 ohms.    A run using both 12 and 5 volts will be done to complete the series.   Results to follow.   

      The measured battery current to the BCR when the 5 volt regulator (only) was running on 16.4 ohms load was  168mA ( battery voltage 13.44) and when the 12 volt regulator (on 40 ohms) was running was 331mA.   The current being drawn by the BCR when both loads were removed reduced to 22mA.  (No power was being input from the solar panel chargers when these were measured.)   
            
      
          