Notes:

EEPROM

connect to USB_Prog3 and install twitest app into USB_Prog3
connect IIC pins to camera EEPROM
on power up IIC is busy, then both lines go low
with camera connected to PC and app running, there is some activity on IIC, then it is idle (both high).

EEPROM is 24LC64
pin 1 = low
pin 2 = high
pin 3 = high
pin 7 = low

so address = 110


9 May 2007

error discovered - need to add a resistor between Q1 & Q2.
need to add resistor in series on ENABLE line.
These have been fixed in V1 PCB. Since PCB not released, version has not been changed.

1 June 07

PCB arrived.
Need to fix sensor device - change guard gap (solder resist) to 5th (from 10) as tracks 
between pads are clear. Careful soldering will be required!

4 July 2007

PCB was assembled last week.
Problem in enable circuit - polarity is wrong - I did a double-negative :-(
Worked around it by jumpering across one of the transistors.
PCB guard gap on transistors also too large cousing shorts.
Serial EEPROM from original C328 module was fitted (yet to build a programmer)
Reset is not reliable - need to tweak cap value or fit the reset IC.
Some testing was performed to see if it would respond to a sync command - and it did.
Camera has been set up to power from USB and connect to a USB serial port.
Tonight I ran up the C328 camera test app. After some playing around with COM port
allocations (app assumes COM1) it works! Took a number of test images. Images are a
bit rough, but I think this is mostly the high jpeg compressed in place and the poor
light conditions.
Camera was next to HF rig, and gave strong signal at 3.777 MHz


18 March 2008

Need to look at new PCB version.
serial data out - serial data input on IHU is CMOS input. 3V logic OP will not be enough. Change camera to be feed by 5V, and allow for a 5V TTL driver on the camera.

12 May 2008

Continued woprk on the new PCB
 - allow for due EEPROMs - main and backup. Use the RXD state at reset to determine which.
   two methods to acheive this:
   1. use RXD to change ID# pins on the controller
   2. use RXD to change A# pins on the two EEPROMs.
   Unsure if ID# pins have any effect after reset, so 2nd option may be the safest.
   Use option resistors to allow feature to be disabled.
 - series R on OP of reset IC (U8)
 - series Rs on IIC to permit programming
 - Change EEPROM WP to a pull-up
 - support for other lens mount
 - support 5V driven output driver so that camera can feed 5V CMOS logic

